"  Vulnerability.
That just makes you cringe, doesn't it?
Yeah, me too.
Honestly, it makes most people cringe
Who wants to put it all out there and
risk embarrassment or manipulation
or rejection, but hear me out.
Brené Brown again here.
Our ability to experience true
belonging is directly proportional
to our capacity for vulnerability.
That means if you wanna feel loved
as who you truly are, you have to let
yourself be seen as who you truly are.
And not all at once and not with everyone.
But that little science guy or
gal behind your eyes needs a new
experiment to show them a new truth.
E Lockhart said love is giving
someone the power to destroy you
and trusting them not to use it.
That's what this is.
It's putting yourself out there and
watching to see if you get rejected
or if you find out that the real
you has belonged there all along.
It's scary.
I know, but that's how we heal
and we teach ourselves it's okay
to show up as the person we are.
And the next few exercises, I'm gonna
guide you through some reflections
that help you truly see and feel
what your performance is costing
you, what it might feel like to show
up as yourself, even if it's scary.
I've also included some links to Brené's
TED talks on both vulnerability and shame.
I highly recommend viewing these,
even if you've seen 'em before,
they hit different every time, and
they'll help you see the value in
showing up authentically in your life.
Remember, you don't have to
show up as your authentic
self everywhere, all at once.
In fact, I don't suggest it.
I've made that mistake myself,
and it can get messy, but you
do have to start somewhere.
Because the longer you wait to show
the world who you really are, the
longer you'll go without knowing
whether you're truly loved for who
you are, and you deserve that love.
Not for who you pretended to be,
but for who you actually are.
So I'll see you in the next video.